PKI/TLS improvements (#13622)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/authentication.md

- If you are familiar with public key cryptography and digital certificates, then reading the [Using digital certificates with CockroachDB](#using-digital-certificates-with-cockroachdb) section should be enough.
- If you are unfamiliar with public key cryptography and digital certificates, you might want to skip over to the [conceptual overview](#background-on-public-key-cryptography-and-digital-certificates) first and then come back to the [Using digital certificates with CockroachDB](#using-digital-certificates-with-cockroachdb) section.
- If you want to know how to create CockroachDB security certificates, see [Create Security Certificates](cockroach-cert.html).

## Connecting to a CockroachDB cluster

> Users may connect with {{ site.data.products.core }} clusters in 2 main ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can connect with {{ site.data.products.core }} clusters in two main ways:
```
